docs: improve short meta descriptions for SEO (#6044)
mintlify/docs: ai/model-context-protocol.mdx

---
title: "Search Model Context Protocol (MCP) server"
shortTitle: "Search MCP"

> description: "Connect AI tools like Claude, Cursor, and ChatGPT to your hosted Mintlify MCP server so they can search and retrieve content from your documentation."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Connect AI tools like Claude, Cursor, and ChatGPT to your hosted search MCP server so they can search and retrieve content from your site."
```
